# 2024 Codebase for FRC Team 846

## Overview

This codebase includes code for 846's robot in 2024, which competed at the SFR regional, the Idaho regional, and Sunset Showdown. The code controls a swerve-drive robot with a double-jointed telescoping arm, upon which a joint intake and shooter are mounted. Key features of this codebase include arm kinematics/inverse kinematics and shooting while moving code.

## Setup

First Time:
- First, download WPILib tools from [allwpilib](https://github.com/wpilibsuite/allwpilib). The releases section on GitHub's right sidebar. Navigate to the 'Downloads' section of the latest release. Download the correct disc image for your platform. Once downloaded, open the file and run the executable found inside.
    - Make sure to include WPILib VSCode 2024 in the setup process.
- Open WPILib VSCode 2024 and open 'source control'. This is usually the third icon on the left sidebar.
- Clone this repository: https://github.com/Team846/howler_monkey.git
- Open the folder the repository was cloned in.
- Click on the WPILib icon in the top right corner of VSCode.
- Click 'C++: Refresh C++ Intellisense'.
- Once completed, click on 'Build robot code'.

Deploying:
- When trying to deploy the code to the robot, connect to the robot using either an ethernet cable or by connecting to the radio's network.
- Then, run 'Deploy robot code'.

## General Project Structure

Code subsystems interact with hardware subsystems by: 1. writing to motors and 2. receiving sensor data. Examples of code subsystems include: driver, pivot, intake.

Commands set targets to these subsystems. Smaller commands are individual actions, such as moving the arm to a setpoint, or deploying the intake. Commands can be compounded to form more complex routines and autos.

- src
    - y2024
        - cpp
            - subsystems
            - commands
            - autos
            - main.cpp
            - FunkyRobot.cc
        - include
            - headers for all files in cpp
        - resources
            - miscellaneous, vision code
    - deploy
        - Nothing yet.
        - Any files placed in this directory will be put onto the RIO's file system during deploy.
        - These files can be accessed by robot code.
- frc846 (arch)
    - Contains motor control classes, logging classes, prefs, etc.
- build
    - tmp
        - Build Logs can be found here.
        - Generated by WPILib build tools, not us.
